Phineas goes to school after the lockdown is over and finds out that all his
N−1 friends have turned into bullies. So he himself too starts disliking his friends. The teacher Dr Doof wants to distribute
M marks to his
N students (including Phineas). Dr Doof is busy in his experiments and so wants the students to distribute
M marks among themselves such that each student gets a non negative integer marks or gets expelled. So he makes a plan.
He makes all of his
N students stand in an line and then the
N
th
student is made the leader. The task of the leader is to propose the distribution of
M marks among all the students present. Then a voting is carried out and all present students ( including the leader) can vote either for or against the distribution.
If the distribution is voted for by at least
50% of the students present, then it is is approved with the leader becoming the deciding student and the process ends.
Otherwise the last
K present students are expelled ( including the leader ). and the
(N−K)
th
student is appointed as the new leader and the process is repeated.
If there are
≤K students left and the distribution is not approved, then all the present students will get expelled.
Following are the characteristics of each of the
N students and everyone knows about it.
Everyone wants to maximize the marks they get or at least try not to get expelled (i.e. every student prefers getting
0 marks over getting expelled).
Each of them have turned into bullies ( including Phineas ) and so given a choice of getting the same marks and expel more students, then they would go for it.
If there are multiple distribution proposals maximizing the leader's marks that would be accepted (voted for by atleast
50% of the students) then he will propose the lexicographically smallest such distribution.
( As an example: If
N=6,M=10 and
(0,0,4,1,0,5),
(0,3,0,0,2,5) and
(2,3,0,0,0,5) are the possible proposals that will be accepted, and 5 is the maximum marks the leader can get, then he'll propose
(0,0,4,1,0,5))
Each of them are brilliant logical thinkers.
Phineas is confused and wants your help to know at what position he must stand so that he will be the deciding student if everyone thinks optimally and what maximum marks can he get being at that position.
###Input:
First line will contain
T, number of testcases. Then the testcases follow.
Each testcase contains of a single line of input, three integers
N,M,K, which are the total number of students
N, the total marks
M, and the number of students expelled in each round of failed voting
K.
###Output: For each testcase, output in a single line two space separated integers
− the position that Phineas should stand at to be the deciding student and the maximum marks he can get standing at that position.
###Constraints
1≤T≤100000
1≤N≤10
9
1≤M≤10
9
1≤K≤N
###Sample Input: 2 4 1 2 5 1 1
###Sample Output: 4 1 4 0
###Explanation:
For the first test case the
4
th
student will be the leader initially and he needs at least 2 votes to approve his distribution. As
K=2, the
3
rd
student will be expelled if the distribution is not approved and so he votes in favour of it. The
4
th
student will himself vote for it and so he will be the deciding student anyway. So he gives himself all the marks at stake , i.e, 1 mark.
For the second test case the
5
th
student will be expelled because he will not be able to gather at least 3 votes for any proposal. Then the
(5−1)
th
student becomes the leader and distributes as follows:
1st student- 0 marks
2nd student- 0 marks
3rd student- 1 marks
4th student- 0 marks
He will get the vote from himself and the
3
rd
student which is enough to approve his distribution.