There has been yet another murder in the Shady city of Riverdale. This murder is being investigated by none other than the Riverdale's Finest- Jughead Jones & Betty Cooper. This murder has been done exactly in the same manner as all the murders happening since the return of the deadly game Gargoyle &Griffins. Betty has decided to put an end to these murders, so they decide to interrogate each and every person in the neighbourhood.
As they don't know these people personally they want to first get to know about their character i.e whether a particular person is a
Truth−speaking−person or a
False−speaking−person. Jughead devises a strategy of interrogating the civilians.
Jughead decides that they will collect statements from all the people in the neighbourhood about every other person living in the neighbourhood. Each person speaks a statement in form of an array consisting of
T and
F, which tells us what he thinks about the
ith person. Let there be
N people living in the neighbourhood. So if a person
i is giving his/her statement, he/her will always call himself/herself a True person i.e
Statement[i]=T. So Jughead says that they will select the
maximum
number of people that maybe speaking the truth such that their statements don't contradict and then interrogate them further about the murder. Help them pick the max no. of Truth speaking people.
Note- A person speaking
falsely doesn't mean that the complement of his statement would be the
truth. If a person is declared
false(i.e not included in the set) after Betty and Jughead pick their set of truth speaking people with non-contradicting statements, the person declared false might not be speaking
falsely about anyone(except saying he himself is a
true speaking person which contradicts with the selected statements) but since the selected Set of statements feels him to be a
false speaking person he won't be included in the set.
But if a person is tagged as
truth speaking person then their Statement must be entirely correct and should not contradict with the chosen set of
truth speaking people. All
truth speaking people mentioned in the selected statements should be part of the set and all the people declared
false in the statements shouldn't be part of the set. See example for clarity.
###Input:
First line will contain
N, the number of people in the neighbourhood. Then the Statements of
ith person follow.
Each Statement contains a single line of input, an array of length
N consisting of
T and
F.
###Output: Print a single line denoting the maximum no. of people that might be speaking the truth.
###Constraints
1≤N≤1000
Statement
i
[i]=T
Sample 1:
Input
Output
5
T T F F F
T T F F F
T T T F F
F F F T T
F F F T T
2
Explanation:
In Sample 1 We can consider the
1st and
2nd person to be speaking the truth. We can also consider the
4th and the
5th person to be speaking the truth.
Note: we cannot select
1st
2nd and
3rd person because the
1st and the second person have labelled the 3rd person as a false speaking person, therefore if we select all 3 contradiction will arise.
Sample 2:
Input
Output
3
T T T
T T T
F F T
1
Explanation:
In sample 2 Set contains only the 3rd person