Chef has a string
S of length
N, consisting of +, -, and 0, where + denotes a source of positive charge, - denotes a source of negative charge, and 0 denotes a neutral object.
Each second, the charge sources emit their respective charge to their immediate neighbours. The charge emissions cannot affect other charge sources but can convert a neutral object into a charge source as following:
If an object was initially neutral, and had exactly one charged source as neighbour, it becomes a charged source as received by its neighbour.
If an object was initially neutral, and had no charged source as neighbour, it remains a neutral object.
If an object was initially neutral, and had both charged sources as neighbours, it becomes a charged source as received by its neighbours. Note that in case of neighbours with opposite charges, the object remains neutral.
For example, after one second, +0+ becomes +++, 00- becomes 0--, 000 remains 000 and +0- remains +0-. Refer to samples for further explanation.
Find out the number of neutral objects in the string after infinite time.
Input Format
The first line of input will contain a single integer
T, denoting the number of test cases.
Each test case consists of multiple lines of input.
The first line of each test case contains an integer
N — the number of objects.
The next line contains a string
S of length
N, consisting of +, -, and 0, where + denotes a source of positive charge, - denotes a source of negative charge, and 0 denotes a neutral object.
Output Format
For each test case, output on a new line, the number of neutral objects in the string after infinite time.
Constraints
1≤T≤2000
1≤N≤10
5
S consists of +, -, and 0 only.
The sum of
N over all test cases won't exceed
2⋅10
5
.
Sample 1:
Input
Output
4
2
00
3
-+0
6
00+-00
8
0-0+000-
2
0
0
2
Explanation:
Test case
1: Since there is no charge source, both neutral objects will remain neutral.
Test case
2: After
1 second:
The negative source emits a negative charge, but since there is no neutral neighbour for the negative source, it has no effect.
The positive source emits a positive charge and since the neighbour to its right is neutral, the neutral object becomes a positive source.
Thus, the string becomes -++ after one second. Note that the string will remain the same after this and thus, it has no neutral objects after infinite time.
Test case
3:
After
1 second, the string is 0++--0. Note that only the immediate neutral neighbours of charge sources have been affected.
After
2 seconds, the string is +++---. Since all objects are now charged sources, they will remain the same now onwards.
Thus, after infinite time, the string has no neutral objects.
Test case
4: After
1 second, the string is --0++0--. Note that the string will remain the same now onwards.
Thus, after infinite time, the string has
2 neutral objects.